Updated README.md -  incorrect figures for DB size (#235)
near/near-indexer-for-explorer: README.md

## Self-hosting

The final setup consists of the following components:

> * PostgreSQL database (you can run it locally or in the cloud), which can hold the whole history of the blockchain (as of January 2022, mainnet takes 2.5TB of data in PostgreSQL storage)

Reviewer: Hmm, it takes 1.1TB for mainnet and 420GB for testnet on our side. We use PostgreSQL 11, and you?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PostgreSQL database (you can run it locally or in the cloud), which can hold the whole history of the blockchain (as of January 2022, mainnet takes 1.1TB of data in PostgreSQL storage, and testnet takes 420GB)
```
